chore: update changelog and versions for 3.4.0 release (#2195)
canonical/operator: CHANGES.md

Author: I'm +1 on removing betas from the change log when the final release is published.

@james-garner-canonical and @benhoyt ?

Reviewer: I'd be good with that. They're still there in Releases if we do want to refer to them, but they should be uninteresting to almost everyone from here on.

Reviewer 2: Collapsing the betas in the changelog seems fine to me as well.

Author: Done.

# 3.4.0 - 27 November 2025

## Breaking Changes

> * Fix: Change JujuContext.machine_id from int to str (#2108)

Author: This was already shipped in 3.3.1.

I wonder if we need to highlight this again on the minor bump, or just drop it.

Reviewer 3: I think we should include it to make it clear that it also made it into 3.4.0, rather than something that only went into a 3.3 branch.

* Fix: Ensure that the testing context manager is exited when an exception occurs (#2117)

## Features

* Add a low-level API for the Juju hook commands (#2019)
* Make PebbleClient file methods also accept pathlib.PurePath (#2097)
* Log the total number of deferred events (#2161)
* Allow setting the Juju availability zone and principal unit in the testing Context (#2187)

## Fixes

* Allow actions without params or descriptions in ops[testing] (#2090)
* Ensure `ops.Pebble.pull` cleans up temporary files if it errors (#2087)
* Make secret info description visible to the charm in ops[testing] (#2115)
* Raise ActionFailed when using Context as a context manager (#2121)

> * Detect categories with an explanation mark indicating breaking changes (#2132)

Reviewer 3: 😂 That was me. A shame Copilot wasn't there to catch it in the original PR!

> * Detect categories with an explanation mark indicating breaking changes (#2132)

Reviewer: Hehe. An "explanation mark" looks more like `:` :-)

* Fix broken setup/teardown links in README (#2094)
* Update info about release docs, mark testing changelog as not maintained (#2074)
* Switch to makefile for building the docs (#2073)
* Document how to extract the charm instance from the testing context (#2084)
* Add a how-to guide for migrating away from Harness (#2062)
* Rename hook tools to hook commands (#2114)
* Remove legacy how-to guide for Harness (#2122)
* Update the Juju release the metrics functionality is removed from 4.0 to 3.6.11 (#2126)
* Clarify that Context is the testing context not only the Juju context (#2123)
* Explain the Charmhub public listing process and add a reference list of best practices (#1989)
* Expand next steps for K8s tutorial (#2034)
* Remove mention of the `simple` Charmcraft profile (#2138)
* Expand landing pages with summaries of pages (#2140)
* Update environment setup for integration tests and K8s tutorial (#2124)
* Replace machine charm tutorial by an improved tutorial (#2119)
* Change HACKING.md instructions for maintaining Charmcraft profiles (#2151)
* In integration tests, use consistent approach to logging and packing (#2150)

> * In integration testing how-to, clarify that Juju model is destroyed after module (#2154)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* In integration testing how-to, clarify that Juju model is destroyed after all tests in the model complete (#2154)
```
